kumar.banglore@point72.com

Jeffries ki kahani

How do you think you will utilise your academic skills and experience to add value to the business unit you are applying to (150 word limit). 

I am good with programming and software development. I am a fast learner, I can pick any skill necessary for the project quickly. I am good with Machine Learning, Neural Networks, Reinforcement Learning. I can analyze any data and help the firm to make maximum profit.  I have research experience, which helps me to find solutions to the problems which are unsolved so far or find better results than all currently known solutions. I have research experience in option pricing.


Tell us about a recent team experience you found rewarding. What was your role? What did you learn from this experience? 

My most rewarding experience was during the summer of 2018 during my Google Summer of Code work. I build a demo to demonstrate boolean operations on 2D polygons. I was stuck with a bug which haunted me for 3 weeks, to solve it, I had to go the depths of CGAL libraries. I successfully solved the bug, this experience to stay calm under pressure gave me confidence that I can complete any task assigned to me no matter what the circumstance may turn out. 


Tell us about a goal that you set for yourself and how you reached it. How does this achievement differentiate you from others? *

In the summer of 2019(this year), I decided that I would do research work in the field of my interest finance at all costs. The educational institutes which work on computational finance in my city Banglore like IIM-Banglore had no program for summer internship for students of other institutes. So, I started learning finance on my own. I had negligible support from my college in the field of finance as all the faculties expertise is in the field of computer science only. I have nearly finished a paper on option pricing on my own. If I get the support of the experienced team at Jefferies I can solve any problem in finance. The ability to solve any problem with no help at all and striving to get it done at any cost gives me an edge over others.

Point 72
I am intrested in the field of computational finance. I am currently writing a paper on option pricing, its nearly complete. I want to learn how the hedge fund industry works, Point72 is one of the best hedge funds in the world, hence I am applying in this firm. I am not only good with Machine Learning, Neural Networks, and Reinforcement learning but also good with software development. I want to use my skills in the industry.

Looking forward to hearing from team Point72
